now it came to pass in the seventh month
now it came to pass in the seventh month that Ishmael the son of Nathania the son
that Ishmael the son of Nathania the son
that Ishmael the son of Nathania the son of Alicia mer of the royal family and of
of Alicia mer of the royal family and of
of Alicia mer of the royal family and of the officers of the King came with ten
the officers of the King came with ten
the officers of the King came with ten men to get a liar the son of a hikin at
men to get a liar the son of a hikin at
men to get a liar the son of a hikin at Misbah and there they ate bread together
Misbah and there they ate bread together
Misbah and there they ate bread together in Mizpah then Ishmael the son of
in Mizpah then Ishmael the son of
in Mizpah then Ishmael the son of Nathania
Nathania
Nathania and the ten men who were with him ropes
and the ten men who were with him ropes
and the ten men who were with him ropes and strut get alive the son of a hiker
and strut get alive the son of a hiker
and strut get alive the son of a hiker and the son of shaphan with the sword
and the son of shaphan with the sword
and the son of shaphan with the sword and killed him
and killed him
and killed him whom the king of Babylon had made
whom the king of Babylon had made
whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land
governor over the land
governor over the land Ishmael also struck down all the Jews
Ishmael also struck down all the Jews
Ishmael also struck down all the Jews who were with him that is with get a
who were with him that is with get a
who were with him that is with get a liar at Mizpah and the Chaldeans were
liar at Mizpah and the Chaldeans were
liar at Mizpah and the Chaldeans were found there the man of war and it
found there the man of war and it
found there the man of war and it happened on the second day after he had
happened on the second day after he had
happened on the second day after he had killed get a liar when as yet no one
killed get a liar when as yet no one
killed get a liar when as yet no one knew it the certain men came from
knew it the certain men came from
knew it the certain men came from Shechem from Shiloh and from Sumeria 80
Shechem from Shiloh and from Sumeria 80
Shechem from Shiloh and from Sumeria 80 men with their beard shaved and their
men with their beard shaved and their
men with their beard shaved and their clothes torn having cut themselves with
clothes torn having cut themselves with
clothes torn having cut themselves with offerings and incense in their hand to
offerings and incense in their hand to
offerings and incense in their hand to bring them to the house of the Lord
bring them to the house of the Lord
bring them to the house of the Lord now Ishmael the son of Nathania went out
now Ishmael the son of Nathania went out
now Ishmael the son of Nathania went out from mr. to meet them weeping as he went
from mr. to meet them weeping as he went
from mr. to meet them weeping as he went along and it happened as he'd happened
along and it happened as he'd happened
along and it happened as he'd happened that he said to them come to get a liar
that he said to them come to get a liar
that he said to them come to get a liar the son of a hiker
the son of a hiker
the son of a hiker so it was when they came into the midst
so it was when they came into the midst
so it was when they came into the midst of the city that Ishmael the son of
of the city that Ishmael the son of
of the city that Ishmael the son of Nathania killed them and cast them into
Nathania killed them and cast them into
Nathania killed them and cast them into the midst of a pit he and the men who
the midst of a pit he and the men who
the midst of a pit he and the men who will with him but ten men were found
will with him but ten men were found
will with him but ten men were found among them who said to Ishmael do not
among them who said to Ishmael do not
among them who said to Ishmael do not kill us for we have treasures of wheat
kill us for we have treasures of wheat
kill us for we have treasures of wheat barley oil and honey in the field so he
barley oil and honey in the field so he
barley oil and honey in the field so he desisted and did not kill them among
desisted and did not kill them among
desisted and did not kill them among their brethren now the pit into which
their brethren now the pit into which
their brethren now the pit into which Ishmael had cast all the dead bodies of
Ishmael had cast all the dead bodies of
Ishmael had cast all the dead bodies of the men whom he had slain because of
the men whom he had slain because of
the men whom he had slain because of Gadol ayah was the same one ASA the king
Gadol ayah was the same one ASA the king
Gadol ayah was the same one ASA the king had made for fear of bear Shah king of
had made for fear of bear Shah king of
had made for fear of bear Shah king of Israel Ishmael the son of Nathania
Israel Ishmael the son of Nathania
Israel Ishmael the son of Nathania filled it with the slain the English
filled it with the slain the English
filled it with the slain the English male carried away captive all the rest
male carried away captive all the rest
male carried away captive all the rest of the people who were in Mizpah the
of the people who were in Mizpah the
of the people who were in Mizpah the Kings daughters and all the people who
Kings daughters and all the people who
Kings daughters and all the people who remained in Mizpah whom nevers a Raiden
remained in Mizpah whom nevers a Raiden
remained in Mizpah whom nevers a Raiden the captain of the guard had committed
the captain of the guard had committed
the captain of the guard had committed to get a liar the son of a hika me and
to get a liar the son of a hika me and
to get a liar the son of a hika me and Ishmael the son of Nathania carried them
Ishmael the son of Nathania carried them
Ishmael the son of Nathania carried them away captive and departed to go over to
away captive and departed to go over to
away captive and departed to go over to the ammonites
the ammonites
the ammonites but when johanna the son of korea and
but when johanna the son of korea and
but when johanna the son of korea and all the captains of the forces that were
all the captains of the forces that were
all the captains of the forces that were with him heard of all the evil that
with him heard of all the evil that
with him heard of all the evil that Ishmael the son of Nathaniel had done
Ishmael the son of Nathaniel had done
Ishmael the son of Nathaniel had done they took all the men and went to fight
they took all the men and went to fight
they took all the men and went to fight with Ishmael the son of Nathania and
with Ishmael the son of Nathania and
with Ishmael the son of Nathania and they found him by the great pool that is
they found him by the great pool that is
they found him by the great pool that is in Gibeon so it was and all the people
in Gibeon so it was and all the people
in Gibeon so it was and all the people who were with Ishmael saw johanan the
who were with Ishmael saw johanan the
who were with Ishmael saw johanan the son of Korea and all the captains of the
son of Korea and all the captains of the
son of Korea and all the captains of the forces who were with him that they were
forces who were with him that they were
forces who were with him that they were glad then all the people whom Ishmael
glad then all the people whom Ishmael
glad then all the people whom Ishmael had carried away captive from Misbah
had carried away captive from Misbah
had carried away captive from Misbah turned around and came back and went to
turned around and came back and went to
turned around and came back and went to Jahannam the son of Korea
Jahannam the son of Korea
Jahannam the son of Korea but Ishmael the son of Nathania escaped
but Ishmael the son of Nathania escaped
but Ishmael the son of Nathania escaped from Gehenna
from Gehenna
from Gehenna with eight men and went to the ammonites
with eight men and went to the ammonites
with eight men and went to the ammonites then johanan the son of Korea and all
then johanan the son of Korea and all
then johanan the son of Korea and all the captains of the forces that were
the captains of the forces that were
the captains of the forces that were with him took from Mizpah all the rest
with him took from Mizpah all the rest
with him took from Mizpah all the rest of the people whom he had recovered from
of the people whom he had recovered from
of the people whom he had recovered from Ishmael the son of Nathaniel after he
Ishmael the son of Nathaniel after he
Ishmael the son of Nathaniel after he had murdered get a liar the son of a
had murdered get a liar the son of a
had murdered get a liar the son of a Hyken the mighty man of war and the
Hyken the mighty man of war and the
Hyken the mighty man of war and the women and the children and the eunuchs
women and the children and the eunuchs
women and the children and the eunuchs whom he had brought back from Gibeon and
whom he had brought back from Gibeon and
whom he had brought back from Gibeon and they departed and dwelt in the
they departed and dwelt in the
they departed and dwelt in the habitation of Kim ham which is near
habitation of Kim ham which is near
habitation of Kim ham which is near Bethlehem as they went on their way to
Bethlehem as they went on their way to
Bethlehem as they went on their way to Egypt because of the Chaldeans for they
Egypt because of the Chaldeans for they
Egypt because of the Chaldeans for they were afraid of them because Ishmael the
were afraid of them because Ishmael the
were afraid of them because Ishmael the son of Nathania had murdered get a liar
son of Nathania had murdered get a liar
son of Nathania had murdered get a liar the son of a Hyken whom the king of
the son of a Hyken whom the king of
the son of a Hyken whom the king of Babylon had made governor in the land
Babylon had made governor in the land
Babylon had made governor in the land [Music]